Sources UI updates in docs (#824)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/sdks/rudderstack-android-sdk/index.mdx

To set up the RudderStack Android SDK, the following prerequisites must be met:

- You will need to install [**Android Studio**](https://developer.android.com/studio) on your system.
- Also, you will need to set up a [**RudderStack account**](https://app.rudderstack.com/signup).

> - Once signed up, <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up an Android source</Link> in the dashboard.  You should then see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once signed up, <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#adding-a-source">set up an Android source</Link> in the dashboard. You should be able to see a **Write Key** for this source, as shown below:
```
